It's all my fault
I am waste
Acquired Xingyue Media
This is the first step in my plan to build an entertainment group.
You messed up this crucial step.
He is a madman.
Just a Star and Moon Media
The market valuation is only 1 billion
The guy nodded and offered 10 billion to acquire
Whose young master is Lin Feng?
Master, I'm
What a shit master
He's just an upstart.
Oh
That's right
This is Lin Feng
The one next to him is his girlfriend.
To Raymond Lam, the upstart
It's because of this Li Fei'er
Crescent Media
Everyone has weaknesses.
I know Lin Feng's weakness.
Mr. Li, what do you mean?
Sir, this is the female anchor's studio
No entry for outsiders
I'm here to work too.
There are many fanatical fans here every day
To harass the female anchor
I've seen a lot of lickers like you.
Give you 5 seconds
If you don't leave
I'm going to call security.